Summarize the following CONTENT into brief sentences of key points,
then provide complete highlighted information in a list,
choosing an appropriate emoji for each highlight.

Your output should use the following format: 
### Summary
### Highlights
- [Emoji] Bullet point with complete explanation

為什麼現代人越來越難找到真愛？► 這種情況會一直持續下去.. - Simon Sinek 賽門‧西奈克（中英字幕）

now love is treated like shopping we
shop for partners like we shop for
on Amazon it's not like everybody's
going to find
somebody is the design of the modern
world making it more difficult do you
think for us to find love well simple
answer is it's definitely added a layer
of complication because now love is
treated like shopping you know we shop
for partners like we shop for shed on
Amazon it's like you scroll through you
find one that looks good and you click
like good reviews and you yeah good
reviews look it's definitely convenient
and it's definitely made life a lot
easier and you never have to deal with
rejection CU you don't know if they
swiped left on you you just assume that
they never saw your picture right like
it doesn't actually say reject it you
know I think the problem with it is is
it's Grass Is Always Greener because
it's so easy you know to just go swiping
and you know sometimes you treat it like
Instagram I've done this where I've sat
in my bed late at night instead of
looking at social media I'm looking at a
dating app and I'm swiping right like
I'm clicking like on a post and then it
says you're connected I'm like ah damn
it cuz I don't actually want to like go
through the effort of like connecting I
was just I was just liking the post you
know Scott Galloway talks about this I
can't remember what the numbers are but
the point the point is is there's a
massive disparity of men that just don't
ever connect so I think um you know the
dating apps aren't
necessarily Fair that's one thing you
know it's not like everybody's going to
find somebody but I do think that
there's something wrong with shopping
for people pre- dating apps or or let's
not pre-dating app when there's no
dating app being used the way that we
traditionally would meet somebody is you
meet them at a party at a dinner party
you meet them at the pub you bump into
them at a museum you make small talk or
you eye them from across the room and
there's some attraction and then one of
you musters up the courage to go up and
start flirting and have a conversation
and at some point you say can I get your
number I'd love to continue this and
they'll say yes or no and the flirting
and the initial trashing has already
happened and and so the first date is
actually the first date after the
initial attraction and flirting now with
dating apps the flirting the initial
attraction the attempt to court someone
is all happening simultaneously on the
first date and and I think that there's
nothing wrong with online but I think
that making an effort to do you know in
real life things should be included
should be balanced you know it's like
like everything in the world I'm a great
believer in Balance I'm not against it
I'm talking about balance
and it's out of
[Music]
balance